Actors:

-STUDENT
What he wants to know:

    where I place myself in the classroom
    where I am in relation to the objectives of the course
    What Concepts is causing me problems, what exercises I must do again to revise

and that in a simple dashboard with all these courses and for each course the information in a synthetic way. 
what he does not want to do, having to look in menus and a tree for information about him. 
It MUST NOT access accurate information about others. Just positioning elements (ranking of ECTS)

-TEACHER
Teacher Teachers want to be able to use existing worksheets and a ready-made statistics module. 
What he wants is to have a view of his class at a glance:
    general progress
    identification of students in difficulty / delay
    notions that do not pass (or have not passed yet).

what he does not want to do:

    define data extraction
    set the statistic to computed
    search in menus

he must not access information from other classes.

-CREATOR
Creator The exercise creator wants to validate the exercises he writes on one of the exercise platforms. 
He wants to be able to analyze the answers to one of these exercises, or an exercise sheet. 
He wants to be able to filter the answers by LevelX or classes or institutions. 
he wants to be able to progressivity of a worksheet that is given by the average number of tests on each exercise and 
be able to compare this value with other sheets. He wants to validate the revisions algorithms show that once the student 
has done X revision exercises the number of mastered concepts to increase significantly. 
He may want to use the Tutorial's interface to specify some specific tests / searches.

-Didacticien
It needs to be able to define a data search and display it. 
For this he is able to learn a specific programming language but not too complicated. 
Of course he wants to be able to display his research graphically in the easiest way possible. 
The site must offer different graphical representation of the data. Think about what Excel can do or openoffice.